Update `README.md` to add `compile_commands.json` setup for `meson` (#954)
immunant/c2rust: README.md

cmake -DCMAKE_EXPORT_COMPILE_COMMANDS=1 ...
```

> ### ... with `meson`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### ... with `meson`
```

> When creating th einitial build directory with `meson`,
> it will automatically generate a `compile_commands.jon`
> file inside of `builddir`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When creating the initial build directory with `meson`,
it will automatically generate a `compile_commands.json`
file inside of `builddir`.
```

```sh

> meson setup builddir

Reviewer: Could you make it clearer that `builddir` is an arbitrary name?  `$build_dir` or `<build_dir>` would be good.

Reviewer: For both `builddir`s.

Author: Oh yes, my bad.
